doc: include org instructions in scoped publish (#4772)
npm/cli: docs/content/using-npm/scope.md

#### Publishing public scoped packages to the primary npm registry

Publishing to a scope, you have two options:

- Publishing to your user scope (example: `@username/module`)
- Publishing to an organization scope (example: `@org/module`)

If publishing a public module to an organization scope, you must
first either create an organization with the name of the scope
that you'd like to publish to or be added to an existing organization
with the appropriate permisssions. For example, if you'd like to 
publish to `@org`, you would  need to create the `org` organization 
on npmjs.com prior to trying to publish.

> Once you will need to 
> specify `--access public` with the initial `npm publish` command.
> This will publish the package and set access to `public` as if 
> you had run `npm access public` after publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scoped packages are not public by default.  You will need to specify
`--access public` with the initial `npm publish` command.  This will publish
the package and set access to `public` as if you had run `npm access public`
after publishing.  You do not need to do this when publishing new versions of
an existing scoped package.
```
